so low beam bendiga kata soon come soy
agar sobeida no hajimari da da what is
this place Tomorrowland
it's not mine what's not yours the pen
I've never
what if there was a place a secret place
where nothing was impossible
hello Casey I'm the one who gave you the
pin why me because you're special he's
special too Frank Walker I want you to
take me there thank you where the place
I saw when I touched things where'd you
get this who are you kid I think I saw
the future it's not the future
Tomorrowland like a Disney that theme
park was just a cover for the real thing
what would happen if all the geniuses
decided to actually change the world
wall was one of them we've been looking
for you for a very long time you're the
chosen one and only you can save the
world
I deserve some answers I know that you
were there we go
you
he's bad rocket meant to find another
world we need to go back over Frank why
now why her because she hasn't given up
Laura to disney ghana costa he thinks
you can fix the world tomorrow Leah
Tomorrowland Tomorrowland side I known
as instead saikano project Oh tomorrow
orando saliba Jindo y no mira yo skoo
cocky